i'm going to show you how to make the
perfect fluffy basmati rice
it's great if you want to serve
something with your stir-fries or
curries it's dead easy to do so
i've got something boiling on the hub
already i'm going to show you quickly
what i've done before that stage
i've got some basmati here in a bowl and
that's in cold water and i've rinsed
that three times
the reason we're doing this is to take
the starch off the grains that can make
your rice sticky so
once the water is running almost clear
that's ready to drain so you can just
tip that into a colander like so and
that's ready to go into your saucepan
and the next stage once in your pan is
to cover the rice
with about double the volume of water so
75 grams of rice is a great amount for
about one serving
so we're going to say 150 mls per
portion another rule that you can go by
is just to cover the rice by about a
fingertip
depth of water that should be about
right once it comes up to the boil
i'm going to give it a quick stir and
that just helps to loosen the grain so
they don't stick together too much
and then we're going to put the lid on
turn the heat down
and let that simmer for about 10 minutes
and after that stage
all of the water should have been
absorbed by the rice and i'm going to
show you
what it looks like and here we've got
beautifully fluffy
basmati rice that's ready to serve so
that is how you make the perfect basmati
rice
you